Natural Language Processing (NLP) Research Scientist
New York

Posted Jan 20, 2017 - Requisition No. 56569

News stories move the financial markets. In addition to being the second largest producer of news, Bloomberg ingests more than 70,000 different news feeds to help our clients stay in the know. This data would be unmanageable without our help.

Who are we? Bloomberg's Natural Language Processing (NLP) group - a group of specialists, researchers and software engineers who have a passion for solving complex NLP problems. Our main task? To extract relevant, meaningful, tradable information (pricings, earnings, major events) from news articles in real-time. Since customers rely on this information to make swift financial decisions, we need to guarantee precision, accuracy and latency beyond most academic and industry demands.

We are building new NLP models for name entity recognition, disambiguation and syntactic parsing of social media and other difficult news sources. The infrastructure and algorithms we develop are used across the company by data scientists. For example, our ML team leverages our work to extract sentiment analysis from social media (http://www.bloomberg.com/company/announcements/trending-on-twitter-social-sentiment-analytics/). We are also building LibNLP (http://videolectures.net/anju_kambadur/), a platform for all NLP tasks which we hope to eventually open source.

Who are you? A research scientist who wants to work in the area of statistical language processing with a focus on information extraction, entity recognition and disambiguation. You want to be part of a small team making a big impact.
We'll trust you to:

    Work with NLP researchers on our Engineering News team on live systems
    Publish research findings in leading academic venues and represent Bloomberg at industry conferences
    Write, test and maintain production-quality C++ code
    Design, experiment and evaluate models in the fields of data science, AI, machine learning, NLP and information retrieval

You'll need to have:

    A PhD in Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning or equivalent experience
    5+ years of experience programming in C++, Python or Java
    2+ years of experience using version control tools such as Git or SVN
    3+ publications in top-tier conferences or journals in NLP or ML (such as ACL, EMNLP, ICML, NIPS or equivalent)

We'd love to see:

    A mathematical background (Probability and Statistics)

If this sounds like you, apply! If you are a good fit, we'll invite you to our New York office to present your work.

You can also check out our Bloomberg Labs Website (http://www.bloomberglabs.com/data-science/) to learn how our data scientists apply methods from machine learning, natural language processing and search to complex problems across the company.